2 Bd/sm Questions
ADZODXP bdsm format

Bdsm questions

Hey!, how're you doing today

Are you into the dom/sub kinky erotic sex plays and fetish's

How long have you been exposed to it?

I’ve been exposed to it for over 15 years and I am a pro domme with vast experience

 Have you ever had a mistress in the past?

Are you married or single?

Vanilla or kinky marriage?

What are you kinky preferences and fetish's ?

What are you kinky limits and boundaries?

Are you willing to be caged and collaged by me?

How far are you willing to go in becoming my  personal submissive..so you can explore kinky orgasmic pleasures in multiple ways ?

 What do you do for work so I can Schedule the right time for your training?

What are your deep darkest kinky fantasies?

Describe your ideal to mistress?

Add me up on google hangouts send me an invitation on hangouts ...write out your emails

You need to be worthy prior all of that

And I have steps and stages before training due to my past experiences

You still have a long way to go!!

 

My leniency has been taken for granted lots of times in the past.. you have to prove to me you're worthy by offering a commitment to strengthen your claims . My training were without prior commitments so they were taken for granted..my commitment has been effective for years and it's my strict procedure I can't break it change for anyone!

You'll earn my dominance via your commitment fee

Nice cos you'll get my contract after your fee is confirmed

My commitment fee is a token of $150

You done seem ready to explore your baby kink!

avataravatar
Next chapter




Before we start, you will have to promise to do whatever I ask or want of you and promise to be loyal and honest with me, always and forever!!

I will love to be worshipped and obeyed can you do that?



Aww 🥰, there  you are, my adorable and handsome slut 💜
 Now mistress wants you to make a video of you saying you will never have anything to do with any other woman outside this and it remains a secret between us both!!

Awww 🥰 
 Congratulations 🎊 you just passed the first test, mistress is happy 😊 

 okay now you have to make a shot vid of you with your tongue out 👅 and say I promise to be loyal and honest to my mistress! 

 Ok now, mistress permits you to tell her your worst secret no matter how bad it is?

  I want your full loyalty and commitment to me, I want you to be honest with me no matter what!!

 Ok now Mistress wants you to  make a video, take off your clothes and be naked, take a rope tie your cock up so tight , then take a oath while doing that and promise never to disobey mistress , that you will do whatever I ask you to do and you will give mistress whatever she wants and make her happy no matter what!!

Awww 🥰 
 My adorable handsome slut, mistress is happy we are in this together forever! 

 Now you will have to pay for toys(sex) that mistress is gonna be using for you and it is the first assignment for this babe! 

Goddess need’s you to cashapp $30 to my plugs  cashapp tag for the dildo so I can get them as soon as soon as she gets the confirmation because she just about 7 minutes   Away and she will come to deliver them to me.